                                                              IT314 : SOFTWARE ENGINEERING 
                                                              Name : Vivek Godhasara
                                                              Student-ID : 202001451
                                                              Lab number : 1
                                                              Lab Date : 03-02-2023
<<<<<-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------->>>>>

Q.1. Identify Functional requirments and Non-Functional requirments:

Functional Requirments:

(1) Availability of creating a account.Account can be created in two ways.One as a admin and as a user.
   -- Account will help us in storing our book issue history as a user.
   -- Admin it will help to add or remove the information of books and members.
   -- There will be functionalities for login and sign-in(for new members).


(2) Availaility for making requist to admin for being a member or admin.

(3) Librarian will have Administrative Privileges over the system, like Librarian can enter record of a new book, deleting record of a removed book.

(4) Function for searching and browsing the book by its name so user can see its status and also using book ID so librarian can see it.

(5) There should be function for booking a particular book, so that whenever its available we can get a mail or reminder for that.

(6) System should have functionality to send a mail or reminder for return a book to library.





Non-Functional Requirments:

(1) The web application should only run within the Institute's LAN, Which will reduces the security risk.

(2) System should be strong enough to handle concurrent booking's and should be able to handle a large number of requests.

(3) HTML 5(latest version) should be used in creation of the website.

(4) Passwords should be stored in encrypted text not in the plain text. 

(5) It should have User-friendly interface.

(6) The web application should not be down during the working hours.

(7) When user is trying to extend deadline of his/her borrowed book, system should check for the pending booking of that book.






Q.2. Identify scope, features and non-functional aspects of the following problem.


Scope:

An android application should be developed to help people who suffer from
disabling hearing loss.
Around 5% of the world population suffers from this problem. This application will
alert the user in critical situations where immediate alertness is required like to
notice vehicles when crossing the road, when someone is crying for help, etc. The
Mobile application uses Artificial Intelligence to detect some common sounds in these
situations like vehicle horn, etc.



Functional Requirments:

(1) Application should be using Artificial Intelligence to detect sounds.

(2) App should be able to fastly(or in real time)recognizes the sound of critical situations and should be able to alert the users.

(3) There should be Accurity in in prediction of the sound.

(4) Latency should be very less.

(5) App should also be able to run in the background so that any time it can help user.

(6) App should be able to take some response at the critical instances from users so that it will ensure that user user has been alerted.

(7) App should be able to detect and not react at familiar and safe voices(like family and friends voices).





Non-Functional Requirments:


(1) The App should alert the user through some sound and also with vibrations. 

(2) The App should be using less power.

(3) The users should be able to add and store new sounds for future incidents.

(4) Live location track could be the good application for the app and sending it too friends and family through message or mail. 

(5) Route detection could be one more application for the app so that it can suggest the user best route to take for destination.




